you're the four functions if you would of
management first of all you have the planning
the planning stages basically you were choosing appropriate
organizational goals and courses
action to best achieve those goals
and that simply means that you can be
coming together
talking about the overall plan could be short
term planning could be long term planning but
you gonna sit down and find out
where the company needs to do and what direction
it needs ahead and that is the
essence of the planning stage you have to sit
down and map it all out
then the organizational skills come into play the
organizing
establish task and authority relationships that allow people
to work together to achieve
organization
and goals
this is the part that a little bit
give and take because you're going to want
to organize you can have a very a
different personalities in the room
but what's going to happen eventually you're gonna
come hopefully to the same accord
the same concept because you're initially going to
be looking at the mission statement of the
company engraved on the planning stage and
now you can actually think about organizing organizing or
thought which direction heading now
they all would need the next phase which
is called leading
you have to have someone is going to
motivate you coordinate
and energize individuals and groups to work together
to achieve or additional goals
i like that particular area because of the
fact that it goes back to communication skills
effective communication and open communication allows for this
next process to take place very smoothly if
you do have the open communication skills
left for the leading you have to coordinate motivate
and inspire your employees
then you get to one area that that
little touchy touchy feely as well the controlling
stage
now that sounds like a word that you
play would want to use in business with
controlling what it actually is the essence
of what's going to happen in terms of establishing
accurate
measurement a measurement tool and monitoring systems to
evaluate how wealthy organization has achieved its goals
so vera's apart that a lot of companies
do on a regular basis
they do the controlling at a community college
level we call it student learning outcomes
which means at the end of the course
they do the communication of business english we
stop for a minute
we assessed what we've done determine whether or
not the students will be successful and whether
they have achieved what we said they
would achieve in the beginning here the same thing
for companies
they want to have an accurate measurement of
what they've done
and i ask for functions of management
here some steps in the planning process let's
think about this for a minute
everything we do
takes time
and have to be accurate especially in business
so you have to have the planning process
the steps to it
first of all you want to decide
deciding which goal the organization will pursue
now we are speaking of the mission statement
we're speaking of individual goals that allow and
support the mission statement of most companies
so for example let's say how we're going
green now so environmentally your first goal is
to make sure that your company hopefully
is at a satisfactory level of being green
that when you first of all decide what
to go you're going to be if you're
going to go gold a greenish it's
a
deciding what course of action to adopt at
this point
to attain those goals
which means you have top down leadership
maybe bottom up leadership or legal leadership which
means across the board deciding what courses of
action to adopt to attain those goals
what happens is a lot of people they
start out
in business and is then whatever they've done
over the years will be effective
and they don't adopted the changes we speaking
of technology we're speaking of cultural differences we're
speaking of maybe even look halliday
all those things have to be taken into
consideration so deciding what course of action to
adopt
to attain those goals is part of the
planning
process one of the steps
step three is deciding how to allocate organizational
resources here comes the money
here comes the people
here comes the man power
this is when you decide how much you
need to put into particular goals and turns
up the resources and manpower as well
as let's say %HESITATION
transferring in people from other companies though this
when you actually sit down and you allocate
what's going to allow you to achieve those
goals
very very tangible resources as well